The truth about learning Instruction manual revealed 1 Learning is
essentially just carefully reading the instruction manual 2 Most people
don't read medication instructions and struggle to follow medical advice
3 The help documentation of a software is its instruction
manual 4 The difficulty of learning is merely a difference
in the amount of content in the instruction manual 5
The user manual for a foreign language consists of a
dictionary and a grammar book 6 When facing a problem
consult the instruction manual take your time and do it
frequently 7 The structure of knowledge subject mechanism and usage
8 The 5 W's and 1 H 1 What the
matter 2 Who the person 3 When the time 4
Where the place 5 Why the reason 6 How the
method 9 Your task is to understand the usage of
how 10 Humans excel at figuring out how when they
don't know what and why 11 Learning more is about
application not using what you learn is a lifelong obstacle
faced by most ordinary people